Open Source Places Blog Post (#1971)
agrc/gis.utah.gov: _posts/2022-03-21-introducing-open-source-places.md

---
title: 'Introducing Open Source Places'
author:
  display_name: Erik Neemann
  email: eneemann@utah.gov
date: 2022-03-16 10:00:00
categories:
  - Featured
  - SGID Blog
tags:
  - openstreetmap
  - OSM
  - places
  - points of interest
  - businesses
---

![OpenSourcePlaces]({% link images/map-poi-256.png %} "https://viglino.github.io/font-gis/?q=poi&fg=map-poi"){: style="float: right"}

> There's an exciting new data layer that has been recently added to the State Geographic Information Datasource (SGID): [Open Source Places]({% link data/society/open-source-places/index.html %}). This is a brand-new offering that is created from open source data and is intended to represent places of interest in the state of Utah. These may include businesses, restaurants, places of worship, airports, parks, schools, event centers, apartment complexes, hotels, car dealerships, etc., etc., …almost anything that you can find in OpenStreetMap (OSM). There are over 23,000 features in the data, and the best part of all? You can make updates and contribute directly to this layer through [OpenStreetMap](http://openstreetmap.org)! (more on that later)

Reviewer: **suggestion**: add a link to porter?

```suggestion
There's an exciting new data layer that has been recently [added](https://github.com/agrc/porter/issues/180) to the State Geographic Information Datasource (SGID): [Open Source Places]({% link data/society/open-source-places/index.html %}). This is a brand-new offering that is created from open source data and is intended to represent places of interest in the state of Utah. These may include businesses, restaurants, places of worship, airports, parks, schools, event centers, apartment complexes, hotels, car dealerships, etc., etc., …almost anything that you can find in OpenStreetMap (OSM). There are over 23,000 features in the data, and the best part of all? You can make updates and contribute directly to this layer through [OpenStreetMap](http://openstreetmap.org)! (more on that later)
```

You can get involved in the OSM community by checking out upcoming events on the [OSM Calendar](https://osmcal.org/?in=United%20States).  The calendar will list events across the US, including those right here in Utah.  The [OSM Slack community](https://slack.openstreetmap.us/) is also open to anyone, with a specific `#local-utah` channel for users and events in the state.

![Epic Handshake]({% link images/os_handshake.png %} "Epic Handshake"){: .flex .flex--center}

### How does it differ from other SGID data?
{: .text-left}

- It's **not** authoritative - due to the nature of crowdsourced data, we can't guarantee that it's perfect or accurate

> - It has a different license - instead of our usual [CC BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/) license, it carries the [ODbL 1.0](https://opendatacommons.org/licenses/odbl/summary/) license

Reviewer: **suggestion**: link to our license page 

```suggestion
- It has a different license - instead of our usual [CC BY 4.0]({% link about/policy/license-disclaimer/index.md %}}) license, it carries the [ODbL 1.0](https://opendatacommons.org/licenses/odbl/summary/) license
```
